poro satan portal satan great name by
the way where he called from thank you
how I am calling from Syracuse New York
okay so it's kind of you know I feel
like if hell was frozen over which you
know it was we're poor Oh Satan would be
in a frozen hell Syracuse New York would
be pretty good example that what what's
your we've had some controversial
opinions so far last one of you the most
what what's your takes this week I'm
going to say that without a doubt TSN is
not making finals this year either final
yeah either final I I think that they've
gutted too much of the core team Mike
Young is still a bit new to the playing
at the pro level he's only gone through
one metal shift and I think as soon as
you get out of the meta he was in so
where it looks like we're going with
more thanks he won't really be at home
anymore
oddly I'm just gonna hand this one over
to you because you did such a good job
with the cloud 9 guy what do you want
you just want me to yell at these poor
people I feel like you're trying to make
me like the bad guys like okay Mark's
smart Oh Travis is funny ah Belize just
yelling how do you not think TSM is
gonna make finals they're gonna go for
the four of you I mean III calls me a
babyrage you're all the time so you're
not alone I'm yelling at people okay
okay well hang on before we get to that
so so your main reasons porous Aden is
that they have changed too much of the
main roster do you have any other
assertions before I unleash they've
changed too much and I think without a
doubt that CLG and Team Liquid are the
best teams of this what okay so but so
you think those guys will make it every
time yeah usually I we might see some
stuff come out of cloud nine but as
people kind of said I think there's
gonna be some growing pains with them I
do think they're looking more towards
worlds already but they'll be growing
pains okay
I just want to point out the idea of
changing too much of your roster is a
pretty weird thing to hold against
somebody in this environment when no
team has brought back more than three
players and no team is like that
consistent either we're like some of the
groups of three players are joining new
orgs some groups of players have new
coaches with them there is an
unbelievable amount of roster upheaval
this offseason so that feels a little
strange to say they've changed too much
of the core because everyone's core
change for the most part I think they're
changing it in a way where it just
doesn't make sense part of from what I
see of why they got rid of bio Frost was
that he wasn't making the shot culling
that they wanted so their idea is let's
pull in someone that can fill that role
well also change you the team so much is
filling that role doesn't make sense
anymore so I did the interview with it
with Andy where he talked about this
stuff I don't think he was saying bio
for us wasn't doing shock calling he was
saying that communication between
support and jungle is very important and
neither of them were talking so I don't
think so it yeah you're right I think
that they were looking to up the
communication on the support side but I
don't think that they were necessarily
saying bio frost isn't a shot-caller we
need a shot-caller sure I can get that
but I think the replacements that they
got are more than adequate Sven and
mithi are pretty battle tested they've
been what people have said is the best
bot Lane in the West for the last two
years pretty much in Europe I know
reckless has had his high moments as
well so it's contentious a little bit
but we are talking about one of the best
bot lanes in the West as well as the
fact that in 2016
TSM completely changed their roster as
well and they did struggle for a little
while but as mostly as a result of
yellowstar not meshing with the team and
they still made finals that split though
they didn't win so the idea of a team
changing a lot and discovering
themselves is not that foreign of a
concept I just pull I pull into question
tsm's coaching abilities now yes I know
that they just went through and got a
new coach so they are trying to adapt
but I think it's gonna be kind of like
last season's team liquid right but it
didn't just get a coach this isn't like
they they're swinging on wood bucking
charge again or something song is proven
in multiple regions as being one of the
best coaches that's true but if we look
forward to the upcoming weekend I think
that easily Team Liquid would beat TSM
especially for you look at the bot lane
if we put SS against ADC spend I think
doublelift wins easily well I'm not
talking about the first day's matchup
I'm talking about your claim that TSM
won't make a finals all year well
because then if we just look at it if we
put sneaky against ABCs then I think we
got the same situation sneaky wins the
same with six aver spend probably why do
you think Sven is so bad I'll work I'll
shop after he tells me why Sven is worse
than three of North American ad carries
I think that they have a very passive
play style in Europe that won't work
well in May which there is a bit of an
irony to it because it's the super
aggressive na ADC is that don't do well
in world so there then is a good
international ADC but he won't work well
in na awfully well we'll wrap up the
conversation with you do you think that
it's fair to say that TSM well hey what
is your prediction do they make it to
both finals do they only make it to one
and and you know what do you kind of
think about all this I mean last year
they were very much like oh we're not
you know trying to get first and
everything we just want to go with the
worlds and everything but I think they
have a strong roster I'm I think they'll
make it to finals I don't know who's
gonna join them both splits yeah both
splits
okay very good I mean
Thank You spring I'll start with spring
okay everything they're gonna first play
some worlds goodbye Korea yeah but yeah
thank you Tony Asia thank you poorer
Satan any letter of apology or statement
of apology well I see the twitch chat
which is uh not your biggest fan right
now um I guess the final thing I would
say is we shouldn't just assume that TSM
is going to do well because their TSM we
kind of saw that with a mediocre nests
of CLG over the past few years and they
are in a hard spot if they have a target
on their back being in first place for
so long they only the only place they
have the goes down yeah that's that's
true or stay exactly where they've been
thank you so much for saving have a go
for literally every split I mean it's a
bull prediction again like this is the
fun III will never I love it when I love
a crazy so I love it and I'm gonna
argue and yeah you're entitled to your
opinion yes